No keyboard shortcut uses only printable characters [ffbc54] (#1648)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/printable-characters-shortcut-ffbc54.md

For each test target at least one of the following is true:

> - **disable/ remap**: there is at least one [set of clearly labeled instruments][] to [block events][blocked event] that use the [same key][same key events] as the test target and whose `getModifierState` method returns `false` for each of the [valid modifier keys][]; or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **disable/remap**: there is at least one [set of clearly labeled instruments][] to [block events][blocked event] that use the [same key][same key events] as the test target and whose `getModifierState` method returns `false` for each of the [valid modifier keys][]; or
```

## Background

> This rule does not explicitly expect the [changes to the content][changes in content] being blocked when a [user interface component](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#dfn-user-interface-components) has focus. As explained in the [Event dispatch and DOM event flow section](https://www.w3.org/TR/uievents/#event-flow) of the [UI Events Working Draft](https://www.w3.org/TR/uievents/), each [keyboard event][] is dispatched to an [event target][]. The [event target][] is the element that has focus. As such, the "Active only on focus" requirement from [Success Criterion 2.1.4][sc2.1.4] is implied by saying that the [event target][] has a [semantic role][] that inherits from the [abstract role](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#abstract_roles) of `widget`. This is done to improve the testability of the rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule allows [changes to the content][changes in content] when a [user interface component](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#dfn-user-interface-components) has focus to meet the "Active only on focus" requirement from [Success Criterion 2.1.4][sc2.1.4]. As explained in the [Event dispatch and DOM event flow section](https://www.w3.org/TR/uievents/#event-flow) of the [UI Events Working Draft](https://www.w3.org/TR/uievents/), each [keyboard event][] is dispatched to an [event target][]. The [event target][] is the element that has focus. As such, the "Active only on focus" requirement from [Success Criterion 2.1.4][sc2.1.4] is implied by saying that the [event target][] has a [semantic role][] that inherits from the [abstract role](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#abstract_roles) of `widget`.
```

> The "Turn off" and "Remap" requirements from [Success Criterion 2.1.4][sc2.1.4] are combined in the **disable/ remap** point of the Expectation section. For the remap requirement, [changes in content][] that are made through [Keyboard events][keyboard event] with [printable character][] value for the `key` attribute and `getModifierState` return value of `false` for each of the [valid modifier keys][] effectively need to be [blocked][blocked event] (in other words, turned off). The remap unblocks the events if the `getModifierState` query returns `true` for at least one of the [valid modifier keys][]. Once the `getModifierState` returns `true` for at least one of the [valid modifier keys][] of a [keyboard event][], such [keyboard event][] is no longer applicable for the rule and it passes the "Remap" requirement from [Success Criterion 2.1.4][sc2.1.4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Turn off" and "Remap" requirements from [Success Criterion 2.1.4][sc2.1.4] are combined in the **disable/remap** item of the Expectation section. For the disable requirement, [changes in content][] that are made through [Keyboard events][keyboard event] with a [printable character][] value for the `key` attribute and a `getModifierState` return value of `false` for each of the [valid modifier keys][] effectively need to be [blocked][blocked event] (in other words, turned off or disabled). The remap requirement unblocks the events if the `getModifierState` query returns `true` for at least one of the [valid modifier keys][]. Once the `getModifierState` returns `true` for at least one of the [valid modifier keys][] of a [keyboard event][], such [keyboard event][] is no longer applicable for the rule and it passes the "Remap" requirement from [Success Criterion 2.1.4][sc2.1.4].
```

#### Passed Example 1

> This [HTML document][] is listening to [keyboard events][keyboard event] for which the attribute `key` is a [printable character][] and the method `getModifierState` returns `false`, and which cause [changes in content][]. There exists an [instrument][] to **disable** the [keyboard event][] so that [same key][same key events] events are [blocked][blocked event] unless `getModifierState("Control")` returns `true`; therefore, meeting the **remap** expectation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [HTML document][] is listening to [keyboard events][keyboard event] for which the attribute `key` is a [printable character][] and the method `getModifierState` returns `false`, and which cause [changes in content][]. There exists an [instrument][] to disable the [keyboard event][] so that [same key][same key events] events are [blocked][blocked event] unless `getModifierState("Control")` returns `true`, therefore meeting the **disable/remap** expectation.
```

#### Passed Example 3

> This [HTML document][] is listening to [keyboard events][keyboard event] for which the attribute `key` is a [printable character][] and the method `getModifierState` returns `false`, and which cause [changes in content][]. For each [keyboard event][] causing [changes in content][], there exists an [instrument][] to **dismiss** it so that [same key][same key events] events are [blocked][blocked event] unless `getModifierState("Control")` returns `true`; therefore, meeting the **remap** expectation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [HTML document][] is listening to [keyboard events][keyboard event] for which the attribute `key` is a [printable character][] and the method `getModifierState` returns `false`, and which cause [changes in content][]. For each [keyboard event][] causing [changes in content][], there exists an [instrument][] to disable it so that [same key][same key events] events are [blocked][blocked event] unless `getModifierState("Control")` returns `true`, therefore meeting the **disable/remap** expectation.
```

#### Passed Example 6

> This [HTML document][] is listening to [keyboard events][keyboard event] for which the attribute `key` is a [printable character][] and the method `getModifierState` returns `false`, and which cause [changes in content][]. There exists a [set of clearly labeled instruments][] to **disable** the [keyboard event][] or to **remap** the [keyboard event][] so that [same key][same key events] events are [blocked][blocked event] unless `getModifierState("Control")` returns `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [HTML document][] is listening to [keyboard events][keyboard event] for which the attribute `key` is a [printable character][] and the method `getModifierState` returns `false`, and which cause [changes in content][]. There exists a [set of clearly labeled instruments][] to **disable** or to **remap** the [keyboard event][] so that [same key][same key events] events are [blocked][blocked event] unless `getModifierState("Control")` returns `true`.
```

#### Failed Example 1

> This [HTML document][] is listening to [keyboard events][keyboard event] for which the attribute `key` is a [printable character][] and the method `getModifierState` returns `false`, and which cause [changes in content][]. There is no [instrument][] to **disable** the [keyboard event][] and the [keyboard events][keyboard event] are not [blocked][blocked event] when no `widget` has [focus][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [HTML document][] is listening to [keyboard events][keyboard event] for which the attribute `key` is a [printable character][] and the method `getModifierState` returns `false`, and which cause [changes in content][]. There is no [instrument][] to **disable** or **remap** the [keyboard event][] and the [keyboard events][keyboard event] are not [blocked][blocked event] when no `widget` has [focus][].
```

#### Failed Example 2

> This [HTML document][] is listening to [keyboard events][keyboard event] for which the attribute `key` is a [printable character][] and the method `getModifierState` returns `false`, and which cause [changes in content][]. There is an [instrument][] to **disable** the [keyboard event][] so that [same key][same key events] events are [blocked][blocked event] unless `getModifierState("Control")` returns `true`, but the [instrument][] is not in a [clearly labeled location][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [HTML document][] is listening to [keyboard events][keyboard event] for which the attribute `key` is a [printable character][] and the method `getModifierState` returns `false`, and which cause [changes in content][]. There is an [instrument][] to **disable** or **remap** the [keyboard event][] so that [same key][same key events] events are [blocked][blocked event] unless `getModifierState("Control")` returns `true`, but the [instrument][] is not in a [clearly labeled location][].
```
